# Data Science Playground

Welcome to my `Data Science Playground` – a collection of my explorations and projects in machine learning and data science. This repository, along with others in my account, represents my journey in mastering ML concepts and techniques. It's a showcase of my learning progress, aimed at both sharing my experiences and demonstrating my growing skills to potential employers.

## Repository Structure

`data-science-playground` is organized into several key directories:

- `src`: This folder contains the source code for various data science projects and experiments.

- `data`: Sample datasets that are used in the projects. These datasets are integral for running the code found in the `src` and `notebooks` directories.

- `notebooks`: Jupyter notebooks with detailed code, explanations, and visualizations. A great resource for learning and understanding the data science concepts applied in this repository.

- `predictions`: Contains output files, predictions, or processed data generated by the models or scripts.

## Getting Started

To get started with the `data-science-playground`:

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/data-science-playground.git
   
2. Navigate to the repository:
   
    ```bash
    cd data-science-playground

3. (Optional) Install the required packages:

    ```bash
    pip install -r requirements.txt

## How to Use

Here's how you can use the contents of this repository:

- **Explore the `src` Directory**: This folder contains various data science scripts and programs. You can run these scripts to see data science in action.

- **Data in the `data` Directory**: This directory houses datasets used in the projects. These datasets can be utilized in conjunction with the scripts in the `src` folder or for your own experiments.

- **Interactive Learning with `notebooks`**: In the `notebooks` directory, you'll find Jupyter notebooks packed with detailed code, explanations, and visualizations. They are ideal for learning and understanding the data science concepts. Open them in JupyterLab or Jupyter Notebook to start exploring.

- **Outputs in `predictions`**: The `predictions` folder contains outputs generated by various models or scripts. This might include prediction files, visual charts, or processed datasets. Check this folder to see the results of the data science models in action.

## License

This project is open-sourced under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
